---
layout: homework
title: FAQ Page
due_date: Monday, May 12, 2014 at 6:30pm
---

Assignment
----------

Move forward with the FAQ page we started together in class ([on Codepen](http://codepen.io/nevan/pen/Cbsej/)).


### Suggested next steps

1. Get the second question working, so that it can hide and show its answer.
2. Make it so that when a user open an answer, any other answers that were already open get closed by default.
3. Hide all the questions when the page loads.
4. Reveal the questions for a given theme when the user clicks on that theme.


### Hints

* Take everything one step at a time. Get something small working before moving on to the next thing.
* While working on the behavior in JS, it is perfectly acceptable to go back and revise your HTML or your CSS.
* You may want to consider adding more structure in the HTML, something like:
  
  ```html
  <h1>FAQ</h1>
  <div class="faq">
      <h2 class="theme" id="t1">Polar Bears</h2>
      <div class="group" id="g1">
        <h3 class="question" id="q1">How much does a polar bear weigh?</h3>
        <p class="answer" id="a1">Enough to break the ice.</p>
      </div>
      <h2 class="theme" id="t2">Pink Elephants</h2>
      <div class="group" id="g2">
        <h3 class="question" id="q2">What kind of beer bottle can you find a pink elephant on?</h3>
        <p class="answer" id="a2">Delirium Tremens.</p>
      </div>
  </div>
  ```
  
  With a setup like this, I recommend using the `class`es for styling, and the `id`s for manipulation in jQuery.



Further Reading
---------------

Please take some time to start looking at the [jQuery documentation](http://api.jquery.com). Oscar Otero also has a really nice table of contents for the docs at his [jQuery Cheatsheet](http://oscarotero.com/jquery/).

As a starting point, I recommend looking into these:

* `.toggleClass()` -- turn a given class off or on
* `.hasClass()` -- check if the element has a given class
* `.hide()` -- visually hide the element
* `.show()` -- visually show the element
* `.slideUp()` -- animate to hide the element
* `.slideDown()` -- animate to show the element
* `.siblings()` -- find the element's siblings
* `.removeClass()` -- remove a given class from the element
* `.addClass()` -- add a given class to the element